In this project, we want to study the effect of the Industrial Revolution on the environment and economics of some major contries that involved in it. We will be looking at the Second Industrial Revolution (mid 19th century to mid 20th century), as this revolution took place in Europe, North America and some parts of Asia. Specifically, for the data analysis and exploration, we are interested in the environmental effect of the Industrial Revolution by measuring these countries' changes in average temperatures and carbon dioxide emissions. Moreover, we want to observe the economic consequences of the Industrial Revolution, indicated by GDP per capita.

We will use 4 datasets for this project: GDP per capita of each country, Sea level change dataset on Kaggle, carbon dioxide emissions dataset on Kaggle, and Earth surface temperature dataset on Kaggle.

The ultimate objective of the project is to gain a better understanding of how major world events might affect the environment in major cities. By analyzing the temperature statistics, sea level data, GDP per capita as well as carbon dioxide emissions in different countries/continents during the Industrial Revolutoin, we hope to identify some patterns and correlations. We also want to identify the long-term effects of these events on temperature trends.

We will be applying a combination of various data analysis techniques. Data preprocessing and cleaning can help us deal with missing values and duplicates. Different types of data visualization can show the trends of data against time change. Time-series machine learning prediction models such as linear regression and LSTM can receive an input of the GDP, CO2 and temperature data of coutries during Industial Revolution, and predict the temperatures in the years after the Industiral Revolution. The models can study the trend of temperature changes, which can be a powerful tool to see the coming impact of Industrial Revolution.
